Animal Match Game

This is Animal Match Game.

Problem analysis (Requirements):
1.Program need to display 8 unique animals pairs from the list.
2.Program need to allow user to find same animals,
3.Program need to keep track of how much animals pairs player find,
4.Program need to keep track of total time player spend trying to find animals pair
5.Program need to allow user to play again.


***************  Make a game better requirements *****************

Improvement no 1 - Random animals pair
In a current Animals mathing Game we need to add different animals Emoji pairs so the same ones 
don’t show up each time. 

Key requirements:
	1. In the begining of every new game program need do display random animals (random animals pairs);
	2. We have 16 field (means 8 animal pairs),
	3. We need more then 8 animals pairs in total.

Program need to store n-th animals Emoji in the List.

Program need to randomly display 8 animals pairs.

Improvement number 2 - End game message

This is a improvement of step 2.

Requirement: 1.Program need to ask player to play again after the game is finished.
	     2.Program need to pop up new window with a text: "Do you want to play again" and two actions buttons "Yes" and "No".  
	     2.1.If user press "Yes" then game starts again.
             2.2.If user press "No" then a game don't start again and program display last game state.
	     2.2.1.Last game state need to include new button "Play again". That button need to exist only when player finish the game and decide to not play again (He press "No button from a new window").	


Improvement number 2 - Keep track of the player best time

Idea is that our game have a feature to keep track of player best time and display best time every time when player start a new game.
For example, Player play the game and complete the game for some period of time (name that time for example current time).
That time can be slower or faster then best time. If current time is slower then best time then user need to get message "Come on man you can do much better!!!!". 
Else, if current time is faster then best time, then player need to get message like "Oh man, you are faster then thunderbolt".

Problem analysis (Requirements):
1.Program need to be able to know when player play the game for the first time 
	For example, when player play the game for the first time that time is his best time. Every other time when player play the game that is current time.
2.Program need to make decision about new best time.
	For example, program need to make evaluation between current time and best time in the terms of slower and faster.
	If current time is faster then best time then current time need to become the best time.
	Else, if current time is slower then best time, then the best time is steal the best time.
3.Program need to be able to store somewhere best time and access that value for comparing with current time.
4.Program need to be able to, based on evaluation to display predefined message:
	If current time is slower then best time then user need to get message "Come on man you can do much better!!!!". 
	Else, if current time is faster then best time, then player need to get message like "Oh man, you are faster then thunderbolt".
5.Program need to be able to every time when player finish the game to display if following order: current time, best time and the message as a result of evaluation.
